Update transactions.adoc with deploy account tx v3 hash calculation (#1012)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Network_Architecture/transactions.adoc

* `deploy_account` is a constant prefix string, encoded in ASCII.
include::partial$snippet_transaction_params.adoc[]
* `class_hash` is the hash of the xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/contract-classes.adoc[contract class]. See xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/class-hash.adoc[Class Hash] for details about how the hash is computed.

> * `contract_address` is calculated as described xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/contract-address.adoc[here].

Reviewer: @odednaor So is this address _not_ the sender's address, but rather the address of the new account that is being deployed?

Author: Yes. A deploy account transaction doesn't have a `sender_address` field.

> * `contract_address` is calculated as described xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/contract-address.adoc[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `contract_address` is the address of the newly deployed account. For information on how this address is calculated, see xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/contract-address.adoc[Contract address].
```
